mobile tent camp big
kichmay is hardly an ordinary place for
recreation is a whole city ​​of children's hobbies
living its unique life the day before
it started there last this year 5
change will be about 300 Sochi residents
11 15 years from thirty-two schools of the city
details further in sochi took care of
That summer holiday for children was
diverse in residential areas
the city has 123 thematic
sites are visited every day more than
three and a half thousand children this summer
schoolchildren visited the best for free
health resorts of Krasnodar region tourist
excursion camp big kichmay
new project in which children and only
strengthen your health learn to live outside
civilizations but also reveal creatively
last year on the modernization of the total
Education 66 Sochi schools received
tourist equipment from the region to
more than 7 million rubles in this
year we can use it for its intended purpose
very effective as it seems to us and
on a par with day camps camps
work and rest
traditional we opened the tent
the camp is fully funded
data
food camp job
the camps of our teachers is dedicated to all this
great work 95th anniversary of the Russian
additional education
the main goal of the program is to familiarize with
the city’s history of resort and olympic
of games
Center for Continuing Education and
sports school
organize interesting flashmob programs
trainings and master classes
designed specifically for modern
teenagers in 4 days
and that is how much change takes students
learn the skills of hiking life to learn
conquer climbing wall is involved in
creative contests of thirteen
a son
pines coming to the campground already
the second time in the summer so it
like the rest in the bosom of nature boy
wants to come here next year
we are here playing tartu on spoiled who
will win there there is still ground
someone does a church I learned but
more cooking here and then let's destroy
it is better
and so very good in nature all this
here is everything is fine just for the children
with might and main enjoy rest and get
useful skills an adult preoccupied in
safety first
provides security in our camp
Private security company
provides security
employees yurka your interest russia
ensure the safety of employees
health industries
which is around the clock in the camp
and also about 25 instructors on
tourism center children's property street
due to adverse weather conditions in
the beginning of July was a matter of urgency
evacuated second tent change
camp big kichmay
all services worked quickly when
opened camp understandable and
provided we all provided for
including weather evacuation
still danone start before opening shift still
a plan was developed in the month of May
evacuations we strictly acted on
approved by our evacuation plan
nothing threatened the safety of children but
yet so that nothing at all
happened so the decision was made
that children should leave the field on July 14
will complete the last fifth shift of all
over the summer in a big letter and rested
more than two thousand teenagers soon
meeting will be held on time
work
Mobile tent camp will be
primarily suggestions and
wishes of children and schoolchildren and adults
hope that this kind of rest will take root
in the Olympic city
Julia Isaev Lavrovskaya wave